Update GraphQL vs Apollo comparison (#9456)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: components/integration/ballerina-vs-apollo-for-graphql/code/apollo-graphql-bbe/designer-tool.md

---
title: "Built-in designer tool for GraphQL"

> description: "Explore the built-in GraphQL API designer, a visual tool in the Ballerina VS Code plugin. Easily design and prototype GraphQL APIs for a smooth development experience. Improve your GraphQL services with this visual tool."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Explore the built-in GraphQL API designer, a visual tool made available via the Ballerina VS Code plugin. Easily design and prototype GraphQL APIs for a smooth development experience. Improve your GraphQL services with this visual tool."
```

Reviewer: Not entirely sure about the last sentence though. Does it really improve services?

> description: "Explore the built-in GraphQL API designer, a visual tool made available via the Ballerina VS Code plugin. Easily design and prototype GraphQL APIs for a smooth development experience. Use this visual tool to better understand and clarify your GraphQL services."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Explore the built-in GraphQL API designer, a visual tool made available via the Ballerina VS Code plugin. Easily design and prototype GraphQL APIs for a smooth development experience. Use this visual tool to understand and explain your GraphQL services better."
```

> description: "Explore the boundless possibilities with the in-built GraphQL API designer, a visual tool of the Ballerina VS Code plugin. Effortlessly design and prototype GraphQL APIs, unlocking a seamless and intuitive development experience. Enhance your GraphQL services with visual designer tool."

Reviewer: Isn't it the dev experience that is enhanced?

> description: "Explore the boundless possibilities with the in-built GraphQL API designer, a visual tool of the Ballerina VS Code plugin. Effortlessly design and prototype GraphQL APIs, unlocking a seamless and intuitive development experience. Enhance your GraphQL services with visual designer tool."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Explore the built-in GraphQL API designer, a visual tool in the Ballerina VS Code plugin. Easily design and prototype GraphQL APIs for a smooth development experience. Improve your GraphQL services with this visual tool."
```
